Skip to Main Content
Coursera

SEARCH IN COURSE
Search in course



Timothy Burns

Menu
A conversation with Andrew Ng, Robert Crowe and Laurence Moroney
Hyperparameter tuning: searching for the best architecture
AutoML
Video: VideoIntro to AutoML
. Duration: 5 minutes5 min
Video: VideoUnderstanding Search Spaces
. Duration: 2 minutes2 min
Video: VideoSearch Strategies
. Duration: 4 minutes4 min
Reading: ReadingNeural Architecture Search
. Duration: 3 minutes3 min
Video: VideoMeasuring AutoML Efficacy
. Duration: 3 minutes3 min
Video: VideoAutoML on the Cloud
. Duration: 8 minutes8 min
Reading: ReadingAutoML
. Duration: 3 minutes3 min
Practice Quiz: AutoML
9 questions
Assignment: Classify Images of Clouds in the Cloud with AutoML Vision
Lecture Notes (Optional)
Machine Learning Modeling Pipelines in Production
Week 1
AutoML
AutoML
Practice Quiz12 minutes • 12 min
Submit your assignment
Receive grade
To Pass 80% or higher
Your grade
75%
We keep your highest score

AutoML
Practice Quiz. • 12 min. • 9 total points available.9 total points

DueMay 24, 11:59 PM EDT
Try again once you are ready
Grade received 75%
To pass 80% or higher
1.
Question 1
Can Neural Architecture Search (NAS) be seen as a subfield of AutoML?

1 / 1 point

Yes


No

Correct
Exactly! NAS can be seen as a subfield of AutoML and has significant overlap with hyperparameter optimization and meta-learning.

2.
Question 2
Which of the following are dimensions of the Neural Architecture Search (NAS) technique? (Select all that apply)

0.5 / 1 point

Search Strategy

Correct
Keep it up! The search strategy details how to explore the search space.


Training and Validation of the Architecture

This should not be selected
Sorry, that’s incorrect. This task belongs to the performance estimation strategy.


Search Space

Correct
Right! The search space defines the range of architectures that can be represented.


Performance Estimation Strategy

3.
Question 3
What does the search space allow in Neural Architecture Search (NAS)? (Select all that apply)

0.75 / 1 point

Defining which neural architectures we might discover in principle.

Correct
You're right on track!. The search space defines which architectures can be represented.


Reducing the size of the search space incorporating prior knowledge about well-suited properties.

Correct
That's right! This task can simplify the search space.


Defining how we explore the search space.



Restricting unbounded search spaces to have a maximum depth.

You didn’t select all the correct answers
4.
Question 4
In the chain-structured Neural Network Architecture (NNA), space is parametrized by (Select all that apply):

1 / 1 point

A number of n sequentially fully-connected layers.

Correct
Spot on! A chain-structured NNA can be written as a sequence of n layers.


Hyperparameters associated with the operation.

Correct
Well done! Search space is related to the number of units for fully connected networks.


The operation every layer can execute.

Correct
Excellent!. Among the most common operations are pooling, convolution, and more advanced layers.


The multiple branches with additional layers types and skip connections.

5.
Question 5
What are the main features of Automated Machine Learning (AutoML)? (Select all that apply)

0.75 / 1 point

AutoML aims to automate the end-to-end process of machine learning to produce simpler and faster solutions.

Correct
Indeed! AutoML enables developers -even those with minimal experience in machine learning- to readily produce simple, optimal solutions.


AutoML technologies democratize AI with customized state-of-the-art machine learning.

Correct
That’s true! AutoML seeks to make state-of-the-art machine learning approaches accessible to data scientists with limited machine learning expertise.


AutoML is the process of automating architecture engineering and finding the design of machine learning models.


AutoML aims to automate the decision-making in a data-driven and objective way.

You didn’t select all the correct answers
6.
Question 6
What are the two main types of search spaces?

1 / 1 point

Long and Short


Complex and Simple


Macro and Micro


Big and Small

Correct
Good job! Although their names are kind of backwards, that's what they're called.

7.
Question 7
In measuring AutoML efficacy, several strategies have been proposed to reduce performance cost estimation, including (Select all that apply):

1 / 1 point

Lower fidelity estimates

Correct
Yes! Lower fidelity estimates try to reduce the training time by reframing the problem.


Weight Inheritance/ Network Morphisms

Correct
Nailed it! Using network morphism, the weights of novel architectures are initialized based on the weights in previously trained architectures.


Reinforcement learning


Learning Curve Extrapolation

Correct
Nicely done! Extrapolation is a sensitive and valid choice based on the assumption that the learning curve can be reliably predicted.

8.
Question 8
The lower fidelity estimates are a performance estimation strategy that allows (Select all that apply):

0.75 / 1 point

Training on lower-resolution

Correct
That's it! The lower fidelity reduces the computational cost as a result.


Training with less filters per layer


Training on a subset of the data

Correct
Correct! It also reduces training times.


Training for a few epochs

You didn’t select all the correct answers
9.
Question 9
Can network morphism modify an architecture while leaving the network's function unchanged?

0 / 1 point

No


Yes

Incorrect
Sorry, this is in fact the most relevant capacity of this strategy.

